Update/handbook/digital-experiece/#process-and-backup-e-group-agenda (#20796)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/digital-experience/README.md

### Process and backup Sid agenda
Every two weeks, our CEO Mike has a meeting with Sid Sijbrandij. The CEO uses dedicated (blocked, recurring) time to prepare for this meeting earlier in the week.
1. 30 minutes After each meeting [archive the "💻 Sid : Mike(Fleet)" agenda](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/digital-experience#archive-a-document), moving it to the [(¶¶) Sid archive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1izVfIBt2nr4APlkm36E6DJg1k1PDjmae) folder in Google Drive.

> 2. **In the backup copy**, assign all Fleet TODOs to the correct DRI.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **In the backup copy**, create Google Doc comments assigning all Fleet TODOs to the correct DRI.   
```
